Revise install software page to steer people away from doing that (#922)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/run/install-software.html.md

- Include it in the configuration repository as a submodule. (Make sure the workspace is configured to clone submodules.)
- Use `local-exec` to download it with `curl`. For example:

    ```hcl
    resource "aws_instance" "example" {
      ami           = "${var.ami}"
      instance_type = "t2.micro"
      provisioner "local-exec" {
        command = <<EOH
    curl -o jq https://github.com/stedolan/jq/releases/download/jq-1.6/jq-linux64
    chmod 0755 jq
    # Do some kind of JSON processing with ./jq
    EOH
      }
    }
    ```

When downloading software with `local-exec`, try to associate the provisioner block with the resource(s) that the software will interact with. If you use a null resource with a `local-exec` provisioner, you must ensure it can be properly configured with [triggers](/docs/provisioners/null_resource.html#example-usage). Otherwise, a null resource with the `local-exec` provisioner will only install software on the initial run where the `null_resource` is created. The `null_resource` will not be automatically recreated in subsequent runs and the related software won't be installed, which may cause runs to encounter errors.

> -> **Note:** Terraform Enterprise instances can sometimes allow `sudo` commands during Terraform runs. However, even when `sudo` is allowed, using the worker OS's package tools during runs is still usually a bad idea. You will have a much better experience if you can move your provisioner actions into a custom provider or an immutable machine image.

Reviewer: "sometimes" is a little wishy-washy. I think this is accurate:

```suggestion
-> **Note:** Terraform Enterprise instances can be configured to allow `sudo` commands during Terraform runs. However, even when `sudo` is allowed, using the worker OS's package tools during runs is still usually a bad idea. You will have a much better experience if you can move your provisioner actions into a custom provider or an immutable machine image.
```
